---
title: Helping out
layout: default
categories: en
---
# Helping out

There's currently just the two of us, diligently plugging away to make
Backlogs absolutely the best Agile tracking tool your money can't buy.
But that's not to say we would turn down help if it was offered.
There's something for everyone.

## Something broken? Please tell us

We're not perfect; as you're reading this, at least 400 changes have
gone into Backlogs since we restarted the new branch. Something is
bound to be broken at any given time, as we can't catch all the corner
cases with the limited amount of time and test cases/test data we have
available. So if something is broken, or you think of a way Backlogs
could be even better than it is now, please let us know at the [bug tracker](http://backlogsplugin.morphexchange.com/).

## We'd like to speak your language

We currently have translations for (what we think is) US-English, and
Dutch. Adding a new translation is fairly easy: grab one of the
existing [translation files](http://github.com/relaxdiego/redmine_backlogs/tree/master/config/locales/)
and replace the text after the colons.

## Have a story? Do tell

The documentation is traditionally a weak point for many open-source
projects. We'd love to include your story, to get better coverage in
our documentation (since we're pretty experienced with Backlogs
ourselves, it becomes progressively harder to write for newcomers), or
just verbatim stories (we like praise!) 

## JavaScript & AJAX wizards

We're always looking to make the user interface more efficient, and
yes, more snazzy. If JavaScript is your thing, and you see something
that could use a little more of it, go right ahead!

## Visual Design Artist

Everyone loves eyecandy. We don't want to diverge too far from the
looks from Redmine, but we'd sure like it if people would say that
Backlogs is hands-down the most beautiful plugin on the plugin list!

## Hard-core Ruby, Rails or Redmine developer

Backlogs builds on the awesome Redmine project tracker, which in turn
is built on the equally awesome rails. We can always use a hand
building new features, or cleaning up old ones. If you can write code,
but have no Ruby experience: picking up Redmine, Rails and Ruby should
be a matter of weeks at most, and once you do, you'll probably never
look back ;)
